hi today I'm going to be sharing with
you one of my recipes that I tend to
wanna have company I'm going to be
making some quesadillas and the
ingredients for the quesadilla is some
cheese Ranchero quiz so fresco that's
what I use I hope I called it right and
then I'm using a whole one here I'm
going to shred this up and two tiny
business and I already have my chicken
shredded up here in a plate I just use
half of a baked chicken and try them got
as much meat out of the bones as I could
I'm going to be mixing the cheese with
the chicken here I have enough cheese to
go with that you say pickable
so I'm gonna spread this all over the
chicken here and that's not making the
kissy Piersall makes us I go alone so
I'm going to be using the pancake
griddle here so turn it on to 400
degrees I'm going to be brushing this
kiss it is on each side with some extra
virgin oil here so I'm gonna put the
combination of the cheese and the meat
here fold it over and using a brush
brush this up here and do the same for
here and put it on a pancake griddle I'm
using the griddle because it says it has
it the wider surface and can take a lot
right now so you can involve others and
making this dish especially kids or any
members of your family here so I'll
continue doing this till I fill up the
hole so this has been cooking on this
side for about 3 to 4 minutes so I'm
going to flip them over
Canterbury today right now hot so when I
do any have to be very careful
so the pancake riddle of me able to put
quite a bit on them so I'll just lick
another one I'll let this cook on this
side in quality for about three to four
minutes or until it's light golden brown
like this then I'll take them out and
repeat ourselves on down the other side
is you call it light golden brown so I
take and put in a tray here looks really
good
mmm crunchy piece then I'll begin to
cook the next batch so I'll continue
doing this to learn I'm an easier way to
do it after a number of these is to
brush the corn tortilla from the surface
flip it over and add your cheese and
chicken mixture here fold it and put it
here
don't worry if it comes up when it's
heated up it'll stick together so I'll
repeat the process again showing you
just wet flip it up our Sun cheese
chicken mixture select it back and put
it here so I'm using the palm tortillas
these are equally been cooking for about
3 minutes but if they crack this way
don't worry about it it will turn out
good
what is calm flip over in the second
batch here put about 11 to 12 pieces on
de grado here so let this cool and
that's like so yeah this way about three
to four minutes um for this batch of
corn tortillas I've had them for a while
so I don't want to fold them into house
I'm just gonna make them like hit flat
pizza here do it this side the same and
then fill up one side with the cheese
and chicken I decided to add a little
bit of Sun Jack shredded cheese I'll put
this oh so I'll do a number of them
until they mix chase them then I cook
and slice them up like pizza Lisa ready
so take them up put them in the pile
here
and I have these setup put in here like
pizzas here Pizza profits
this is sticking together so I have to
try to separate it okay and then try to
flip it over and looks great so you can
just make this and then actually this
mill can be like a lunch for kids at
school you make this and they can eat
this at school so after I make this one
I'm going to slice it up like a pizza
you know I'm going to and KCBS
this is a pizza fashion so there you
have a quick and easy dish in the
contours of your home